# Accompanying Documentation for Team Manager ERD
### Bhanu Rayini, Alexander Roessner, Krithika Saravanan, Karthick Krishnamurthy

##Organization (organization)
Organization (or Club) for Entire League
* idorganization - ID for the Organization
* name - Organization Name

##Team (team)
One of potentially many teams within an organization
* idteam - ID for the Team
* name - Name of the Team
* team_type - Type of team (competitive teams, versus recreational teams, etc.)
* wins - Number of wins for a team.
* loses - Number of loses for a team.
* ties - Number of ties for a team.
* organization_idorganization - FK for related organization
* age_group - Team age group.

##Team Training Sessions (team_training_sessions)
List of a team's training sessions and date of session.
* team_idteam - FK ID of Team
* team_organization_idorganization - FK ID of Organization
* training_date - Date of training session.

##Person Roles (person_roles)
Join table for a person and their potential roles in a team and organization. Team roster can be pulled from this in SQL select statement.
* roles_idroles - FK ID from Roles
* person_idperson - FK ID from Person
* organization_idorganization - FK ID from Organization
* team_idteam - FK ID from Team
* team_organization_idorganization - FK Related Organization ID from Team table (might be redundant, but autogenerated by MySQL Workbench).

##Roles (roles)
Different roles one can have in the database - one might hold multiple roles.
* idroles - Role ID
* isCoach - Is a coach (Yes/No)
* isPlayer - Is a player (Yes/No)
* isParent - Is a parent (Yes/No)
* isAdmin - Is an administrator (Yes/No)
* isManager - Is a manager (Yes/No)

##Person Evaluation (person_evaluation)
Small database to hold evaluations of a player. Currently limited to a body (memo) of the evaluation and a date/time of said evaluation.
* idperson_evaluation - ID of evaluation
* evaluation_memo - Content of evaluation
* evaluation_height - Height of individual at time of evaluation.
* evaluation_weight - Weight of individual at time of evaluation.
* evaluation_date - Date of evaluation
* person_idperson - FK Persion ID

##Person (person)
Person/User of this database.
* idperson - ID of Person
* first_name - First name of person.
* last_name - Last name of person.
* dob - Date of birth.
* gender - Gender
* ethn - Ethnicity
* email - Person's e-mail
* parent_guardian_person_id - Possibly null, but a referenced Person ID to one's parent or legal guardian.
* jersey_number - Jersey Number
* bio - Biography

##Scholarships (scholarships)
Scholarships a person may hold.
* idscholarships - Scholarship ID
* scholarship_name - Name of scholarship
* scholarship_ammt - Amount of scholarship
* person_idperson - FK of Person ID

##Person Has Address (person_has_address)
Join table of Person & Address.
* person_idperson - FK ID of Person
* address_idaddress - FK ID of Address

##Address (address)
Address
* idaddress - ID of Address
* addr1 - Address Line #1
* addr2 - Address Line #2
* city - City
* state - State
* country - Country
* ZIP - ZIP/Postal Code

##Person Has Phone (person_has_phone)
Join table for phone and person.
* person_idperson - FK ID of Person
* phone_idphone - FK ID of Phone

##Phone (phone)
Phone number.
* idphone - ID of phone
* phone-num - The phone number.
